　　距离六级口语考试还有几天的时间，同学们准备好了吗？新东方在线为大家带来了全面、实用的口语考试过级大餐，快来品尝吧！　　一、考试形式　　口语考试采用机考形式。模拟考官及试题呈现在计算机屏幕上。试题材料采用文字或图片提示。考生由计算机系统随机编排为两人一组。考试包含三部分，总时间约为18分钟。　　二、考试过程　　部分 内容 考试过程 答题时间　　一 自我介绍和问答 先由考生自我介绍，然后回答考官提问。考试时间约2分钟。 自我介绍：每位考生20秒　　（两位考生依次进行）　　回答问题：每位考生30秒　　（两位考生同步进行）　　二 陈述和　　讨论 考生准备1分钟后，根据所给提示作个人陈述；两位考生就指定的话题讨论。考试时间约8分钟。 个人陈述：每位考生1分30秒（两位考生依次进行）　　两人讨论：3分钟　　三 问答 考生回答考官的一个问题。考试时间约1分钟。 每位考生45秒　　（两位考生同步进行）　　三、分题型备考　　1.自我介绍及问答　　自我介绍是口语考试必考环节，时间大概20秒，一定要提前反复操练，做到滚瓜烂熟，给打分的老师留下良好的首听效应，为之后的良好表现打基础。　　自我介绍模板：　　Hello, my name is XXX. I'm XXX years old. Now I study in XXX as a freshman/sophomore/junior/senior, and my major is XXX. In my free time, I love taking exercises. I believe that a healthy body is the key to a happy life. Thank you.　　自我介绍结束后，考官会分别问两位考生问题。本部分问题多数是选择性问题，并给出原因。　　常考话题有：　　What are the differences in accent between the people of your hometown and Beijing?　　What is people’s favorite food in your region?　　Can you describe one of the main festivals celebrated in your country?　　Tell me something about the Lantern Festival.　　Tell me something about the customs of your country.　　How do you compare the climate in Beijing with that in your hometown?　　What place in Beijing do you like best? Why ?　　Which is the best place you’ve been to China?　　2. 陈述和讨论　　考官先提出话题，两位考生轮流阐述自己的观点（陈述时间1.5分钟）。陈述结束后是两位考生互动讨论时间，一共4.5分钟。讨论时注意不要从头到尾只说一句话，不要冷场，要有来有去，有问有答，配合的好，双方都加分。　　模拟话题讨论场景（食品与健康）：　　A：Health is very important for our body. And healthy foods plays a very important role in it. So, what do you think is a healthy diet?　　B：A healthy diet should contain all the essential nutrients.　　A：How could people eliminate food contamination nowadays?　　B：The government should set strict rules and regulations to standardize the production of food and punish severely those violators.　　A：Why does food contamination occur frequently these days?　　B：Because the food manufactures are so obsessed with making money that they lose the business ethics. They no longer take food safety as their priority.　　A：Why do many people suffer from heart disease recently?　　B：I suppose it is because the improved living conditions provide people with more refined grain and meat. Consequently, people have an excessive amount of fat which leads to heart disease.　　A：What’s your eating habit?　　B：I have a balanced diet and I always have meals in a regular way.　　A：How do you keep fit?　　B：I am not particular about food and I often do exercise as long as I have free time.　　A：Do you have fast food very often?　　B：No, I seldom eat fast food because it’s rich in fat. And I want to keep a slender shape.　　A：What are the advantages of transgenic food?　　B：Transgenic technology can increase the yield of the crops and give the crops such attributes as insect-resistance or drought-resistance.　　A：What do you think of instant noodles?　　B：On the one hand, it is easy to prepare and thus brings convenience to our busy life. On the other hand, it is harmful to our health since it contains preservatives.　　3. 问答　　考官提出问题，两位考生回答同一问题（答题时间45秒）。第二和第三部分中，六级口语常考话题有赶时髦、食品安全、饮食与健康、金融危机、互联网利弊、面试、择业、考试作弊、网上购物、运动、校园生活、交通、环境保护、传统教育、课外活动、大学生活、竞争等等。　　在备考时，一定注意这些常考话题涉及的口语表达，不要在考试时想说却不知道怎么说，甚至无话可说！充分的准备才能在考试中超常发挥，新东方在线祝愿各位考生都能考出好成绩。　　来源：新东方在线