　　近年来美国成人的吸烟率持续降低，吸烟的危害也在逐渐远离人们的生活。然而取而代之的五大健康杀手，危害一点也不比吸烟少，而且这些健康杀手就在你我的身边。　　The growth of social media and waning in-person contact has led Former Surgeon General Vivek Murthy to label loneliness a worldwide epidemic. And it could be lethal.　　曾任卫生局局长的维维克•默西认为，社交媒体的增长和面对面接触的减少让孤独成为了世界范围的流行病。而孤独可以是致命的。　　Julianne Holt-Lunstad, a professor of psychology at Brigham Young University, has found in her research that loneliness reduces people's life spans by the equivalent of smoking 15 cigarettes a day.　　杨百翰大学的心理学教授朱丽安娜•霍尔特-伦斯塔德在她的研究中发现，孤独会缩短人的寿命，其危害相当于每天抽15根烟。　　Sitting all day increases risk for a raft of different cancers, a 2014 study found.　　2014年的一项研究发现，终日久坐会增加患多种癌症的风险。　　Researchers included in their meta-analyses data from four million people involving how often they sat to watch TV, do work, and commute.　　研究人员在做荟萃分析时采集了400万人坐下来看电视、工作和通勤的时长数据。　　Each two-hour increase in sitting time upped people's risks for colon, endometrial, and lung cancers, regardless of whether they still exercised during the day.　　静坐的时间每增加两个小时，就会增加人们患结肠癌、子宫内膜癌和肺癌的风险，不论一天中是否锻炼。　　The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have called sleep deprivation a public health problem, as some 50 to 70 million people in the US have sleep or wakefulness disorder.　　美国疾病控制与预防中心将失眠称作公共健康问题，因为美国有5000万到7000万的人遭受失眠困扰。　　Professor Valery Gafarov, of the World Health Organisation, noted in 2015 that insufficient sleep raises the risk of stroke and heart attack to similar degrees as regular cigarette use.　　世界卫生组织的瓦雷里•加法罗夫教授在2015年指出，睡眠不足会提高中风和心脏病发作的风险，其危害相当于经常抽烟。　　"Poor sleep should be considered a modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular disease along with smoking, lack of exercise, and poor diet," he said.　　他说：“睡眠不佳应和吸烟、缺乏锻炼和饮食不良一样，被视为导致心血管疾病的可调节风险因素。”　　Indoor tanning may seem like a more controlled version of regular sunbathing, but both are potentially more dangerous than smoking.　　室内美黑似乎是更可控的日光浴，但是，这两者都可能比吸烟更危险。　　In 2014, researchers published a study in JAMA that found indoor tanning alone led to more cases of skin cancer than smoking did with lung cancer.　　2014年，研究人员在《美国医学会杂志》上发表的一份研究报告指出，室内美黑导致的皮肤癌比吸烟导致肺癌的病例更多。　　"Given the large number of skin cancer cases attributable to indoor tanning, these findings highlight a major public health issue," the investigators wrote.　　研究人员写道：“考虑到当前有如此多的皮肤癌病例都是由室内美黑导致的，这些发现凸显出了一个重大的公共健康问题。”　　A wealth of evidence has found that sugary, processed foods high in saturated fats can expose people to potentially fatal diseases at similar, if not greater, rates than smoking.　　大量证据表明，含大量饱和脂肪的含糖加工食物会让人们容易患上各种致命疾病，如果其危害不比吸烟更甚，至少也是和吸烟相当。　　In 2016, researchers studying the mortality risks from poor diet concluded the death rates exceeded those of alcohol, drugs, unprotected sex, and tobacco combined.　　2016年，研究人员发现，饮食不良的致死率比酗酒、吸毒、无保护性行为和吸烟的致死率加起来还要高。　　英文来源：商业内幕网　　翻译&编辑：丹妮