　　We all know working at cool tech companies can often mean free food all day, nap pods and leaving via a slide (maybe).　　那些酷酷的科技公司每天都有免费的零食以及休息的小睡仓，走的时候只需要轻轻的划下卡就可以。　　But one of the best - and most helpful when it comes to money-saving - perks of a workplace is a gym.　　如果再想为员工提供下其他福利，那就是再提供一个健身房，既省钱又能够对员工最有益。　　And a company that you may not be surprised to learn has a particularly impressive gym is Apple.　　比如你熟悉的苹果公司，你可能不会惊讶于它有一个特别的秘密健身房。　　A few miles from Apple’s new headquarters in Cupertino, California, you’ll find their invite-only secret exercise lab.　　这间秘密健身实验室在加州库比蒂诺，离苹果公司的新总部只有几英里。　　This is where the tech giant’s employees workout, clad with Apple watches and clutching iPads while they burn calories.　　这家科技巨头的员工在里面锻炼，他们戴着苹果手表，手里拿着ipad，然后燃烧着卡路里。　　And as they run, cycle and row, exercise physiologists, nurses and medics monitor data.　　当他们跑步、骑车或者划船时，运动生理学家、护士和医护人员在旁边监测数据。　　Having revolutionised how we listen to music, work and go about our daily lives, Apple is now interested in how we can improve our health.　　苹果公司已经彻底改变了我们听音乐、工作和日常生活的方式，现在它把注意力放在如何改善我们的健康上。　　Not content with simply counting calories burned and distance travelled, however, exercisers here measure everything possible, including their oxygen consumption (via a $40,000 mask).　　当然这里不仅能简单地计算出我们的卡路里燃烧量和运动距离，还能测量其他你想知道的数据，比如耗氧量（通过一个4万美元的面具）。　　As one would expect at any decent gym, there’s a studio for group classes and a pool, but Apple’s gym also features three climate-controlled temperature chambers, set to recreate everything from Arctic to Saharan conditions.　　苹果公司的健身房不仅仅有人们理想中健身房的标配设备，比如特色训练课程健身室和泳池，它还有三个气候控制温度室，能够模拟任意区域的气候，包括北极、撒哈拉沙漠这种极端环境。　　“Our lab has collected more data on activity and exercise than any other human performance study in history,” Jay Blahnik, Apple’s director of fitness for health technologies, told Men’s Health.　　苹果健康技术总监Jay Blahnik对《男性健康》说:“我们的实验室收集了更多的关于活动和运动的数据，比历史上任何研究人类活动的数据都要多。”　　“Over the past five years, we’ve logged 33,000 sessions with over 66,000 hours of data, involving more than 10,000 unique participants.”　　“在过去的5年里，我们已经记录了33000次锻炼，超过66000小时的数据，涉及超过10000名志愿者。”　　Apple is working on how its watch can sync with gym equipment, providing more detailed analytics of a workout than most people will have ever experienced.　　苹果正在研究iwatch如何与健身设备同步，以期提供更详细的锻炼分析。　　Just when we’d all got on board with tracking our steps, it looks like that may no longer be enough - Apple is, as usual, upping the game.　　就在我们还在记录自己跑多远的时候，苹果公司已经把我们甩得很远了，确实，苹果公司还在一如既往的引领着游戏潮流。