　　Controversial tapes in which Princess Diana talks about her private life are to feature in an upcoming documentary on Channel 4.　　戴安娜王妃谈论她私生活的有争议的录音带即将制作成一部纪录片在英国电视4台上映。　　The tapes, which have never been broadcast on British television, show Diana talking candidly and informally about her troubled marriage to Charles.　　那些录音带从未在英国电视上播出过，戴安娜在里面坦率而又非正式地谈论了与查尔斯的婚姻问题。　　The footage was recorded by her speech coach Peter Settelen and have been described as ‘dynamite’ by the producer of an upcoming documentary on Channel 4, which will air the clips close to 20th anniversary of Diana’s death.　　这段资料由她的演讲教练彼得.赛特伦录制，被4台的一部纪录片制片人描述为“爆炸性的”。该纪录片将在戴安娜王妃逝世20周年之际上映。　　The tapes, made between 1992 and 1993 and recorded at Kensington Palace, were only broadcast once – on NBC in the US in 2004.　　这些录音带是在1992年到1993年之间在肯辛顿宫录制的，并只在2004年在美国全国广播公司播出过一次。　　Diana hired Mr Settelen between to help with her public speaking voice, following her collaboration with author Andrew Morton on a biography, and ahead of her bombshell Panorama interview in 1995.　　在与作家安德鲁.莫顿合作撰写传记的过程中，戴安娜聘请了赛特伦来帮助她进行公开演讲，这也在1995年电视新闻专题《全景》节目播出《1995戴妃访谈》之前。　　The footage shows the princess rehearsing her speaking voice and reflecting at length about her life.　　资料显示戴安娜正在排练她的讲话声音，倾吐自己的生活细节。　　The documentary, titled Diana: In Her Own Words, is being made by freelance producer and director Kevin Sim, who has previously called the footage ‘dynamite’.　　这部纪录片名为《戴安娜王妃：她眼中的自己》，由自由制作人兼导演凯文.西姆制作，他之前曾称这些录音带是“爆炸性的”。　　In the tapes, Diana says that she and Prince Charles only met 13 times before they got married.　　录音带中，戴安娜说她和查尔斯王子在结婚前只见过13次。　　She also talks about the couple’s sex life, saying they had sex ‘once every three weeks’ – and her anger at his relationship with Camilla Parker Bowles, now the Duchess of Cornwall.　　她还谈到了二人的夫妻生活，说他们“每三个星期才有一次”，以及她对查尔斯与卡米拉（即现在的康沃尔公爵夫人）婚外恋的愤怒。　　On Monday, ITV screened its own Diana documentary, featuring contributions from her sons, the Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry.　　周一，英国独立电视台(ITV)放映了由其打造的戴安娜纪录片，其中特别有戴安娜的儿子剑桥公爵和哈里王子的贡献。　　Channel 4’s head of factual, Ralph Lee, said the upcoming programme is an ’important contribution to the historical record’.　　四台的节目负责人拉尔夫.李说，即将播出的节目是“对历史记录的重要贡献”。　　He said: ‘The tapes, which show a relaxed and off-duty Diana, are hugely illuminating about her personality, humour and charm.　　他说，“它展现出戴妃放松的、王室职责以外的一面——极大的彰显了她的个性、幽默与魅力”。　　‘Combined with historical context and interviews with her closest confidants, this film provides a nuanced, multi-layered portrait of the most famous woman in the world and a mother who has shaped the future line of the royal family.　　“结合历史背景和对她亲密知己的采访，这部纪录片描绘了这名世界上最著名的女人微妙的、多层次的形象，以及一个塑造了王室未来的母亲。”　　A batch of some 20 videos had been held by Scotland Yard after being seized in a January 2001 raid on ex-royal butler Paul Burrell’s home.　　在2001年1月，对皇室前管家保罗.伯瑞尔的家进行的一次突击搜查后，大约有20段视频被扣留在苏格兰场（伦敦警察厅）。　　The content of the tapes was regarded as so sensitive that the prosecution agreed not to use them in Mr Burrell’s Old Bailey trial.　　这些录音带的内容被认为太过敏感，以至于公诉机关同意不使用在对伯瑞尔的中央刑事法庭审判中。　　The tapes were later sold to American broadcaster NBC for an undisclosed sum and excerpts were broadcast in 2004, showing Diana talking of how Charles ‘leapt upon’ her to kiss her at the start of her relationship.　　这些录音带随后被卖给了美国全国广播公司（NBC），具体金额不明，其中一些片断在2004被播出，显示戴安娜讲述查尔斯在他们刚开始恋爱时是如何“接近”她来亲吻她。　　She also told of running to the Queen after she became convinced that Charles had resumed his romance with Camilla.　　她还谈到当她确信查尔斯又和卡米拉开始交往时，她跑去找女王。　　She said: ’I went to the top lady and I’m sobbing. And I said, “What do I do?” (The Queen) said, “I don’t know – Charles is hopeless”.’　　她说， “我跑去找女王哭诉，我说，我该怎么办呀。女王说，我不知道，查尔斯已无可救药了。”　　Other admissions from the Princess included how she was deeply in love with a royal protection officer – presumed to be Barry Mannakee.　　王妃还透露了她如何深爱一位皇室保镖——据称是巴里.曼纳基。　　The bodyguard was killed in a motorbike accident and Diana revealed she believed he was ‘bumped off’ because of their affair.　　这位保镖后来在一次车祸中遇难，戴安娜透露，她相信曼纳基是因为和她的关系而被“干掉”的。　　In 2004, the screening was met with criticism amid calls for the tapes not to be shown for at least 100 years.　　2004年被播出后就遭到了批评，有人甚至提议这些影像至少在百年之内都不宜播放。　　The Channel 4 film will be shown in early August – days before Diana’s 20th anniversary on August 31.　　4台的纪录片定于8月初上映——在8月31日戴安娜王妃去世20周年纪念日之前。　　来源:雅虎新闻　　爱语吧作者:悠悠